today we have here coolermaster V 800
this is the 80 plus gold certification
type power supply high-end modular 100%
high-quality capacitors solid-state some
of them and even you know all the
components in there are really well done
and put together now let's take a look
at this power supply looking at the
specifications here as you can see on it
the one thing that stands out for me
always is to make sure that it has the
warranty to stand behind it and of
course this has five years warranty and
lots of room for expansion so if you're
looking for connectors well here they
are
let's take a look more of what's inside
the box now opening up the box we're
gonna get the high quality power cable
nice and thick there and of course two
pouches one of them is going to contain
the power supply and I like the way they
they package things that you can tell
it's high-quality inside of this we have
the ribbon type cables this has been a
norm now for a lot of modular power
supplies especially from Coolermaster
they like to have the slim thin ones
that you can route underneath your
motherboard for example here are the
lengths many of you have asked me for
the lengths of the cables so there they
are for your information so that you
know if that's you know what you need
for your case and of course underneath
this power supply here we've got the
manual with the warranty information
like I said five years and don't worry
about the over voltage protection over
current protection all of that it has
the capabilities the safeguard your
components so that's great and it
automatically detects your voltage as
well whether it's 120 volts from the
wall at 240 for example opening this up
135 millimeter fan right off the bat low
noise longer lifespan that's what it's
all about now with these new generation
power supplies from coolermaster as you
can see here high quality components
like I mentioned some of the capacitors
are solid and it has a massive
high-quality 42 millimeter transformer
in there as well so it's really well put
together and it's definitely not cheap
but however looking at the legend here
the connectors are straightforward look
at this
for your molex at the top you've got
your PCI Express connectors and of
course on the right top corner you've
got your CPU motherboard connector as
well so you can't really go wrong this
is foolproof
easy to install you can't make a mistake
really on this one and looking at the
legend here on the voltages this is very
important of course we've got a single
12 volt rail 70 amps on that rail okay
so that's lots of room for expansion you
can start off with a high end machine
with one graphics card later on add
another high end graphics card or maybe
three graphics cards it doesn't matter
this puppy can probably take more than
you think because of its high quality
components and efficiency looking again
at those ribbon type cables they come
already labeled I mean you can't really
go wrong with this
there they are PCI Express connector six
pin as you can see there 6 plus 2 8 so
we got recovered there for any type of
graphics card and of course here's an
example on the motherboard connector on
one side and the other side here is the
one that you would attach very easily on
to the power supply so again foolproof
you can't go wrong it only goes in one
spot
there you have it ok now if you're
looking for more than this well I mean
this is really high-end this is almost
platinum quality we're talking about
here look at the performance readings
that I got now on regular machine one
graphics card 89 percent efficiency
around 2 to 300 watts is the low test
here and very quiet very cool high load
test about 750 watts and 90% efficiency
so this really runs really high and and
it's definitely something that I
recommend look at all the different
features here like I mentioned that I
pointed out this is what makes a good
power supply and definitely what the
five-year warranty Coolermaster standing
behind the product so right now a new
egg comm I couldn't believe that with
the discounts and the rebates you can
get this for about $100 now that is
actually a great price considering other
power supplies of the same caliber cost
a lot more money so I'll post a link
below if you're interested to purchase
it I like to thank coolermaster for
providing it comment below let me know
what you think and again
thank you for watching